[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, there, Polycasters.
Rob here-- welcome
back to the show.
As we've been
working on Polymer,
one of the probably
biggest requests
that comes in from
developers is,
when are we going to get a
CDN for Polymer and for Web
Components?
Because it's kind of a
pain in the butt every time
you want to sort
of hack on an idea.
And you've got to use Bower
and install a bunch of packages
and wait for everything
to download just so you
can, you know, play with stuff.
So recently, the
Polymer team has
put out a brand-new project,
which is called Polygit.
It is a development
CDN-- which, I'll
talk about what that word
means in just a second.
But basically, it is
a CDN that includes
Polymer, all the Polymer
elements, and the Web
Components polyfill. s So
if you want to hack around,
using something like
JS Bin and Polymer,
you can totally do that.
So if you go to the
website polygit.org,
you see that it bills itself
as the Polymer Magic Server.
And what it's actually
doing under the hood
is it's just using
GitHub's RawGit CDN
and extracting things from there
and pulling them into JS Bin,
or wherever you
want to use the CDN.
So what I want to
do here is just sort
of like show you some examples
of how you can use the CDN,
how you can configure
it to actually
pull in your own
packages as well,
and basically just get
hacking really quick.
So over on jsbin.com,
I've already
set up this little sample bin.
And the main thing
I notice here is,
I'm using this base
tag right here.
And if you're not familiar
with the base tag in HTML,
or a base element-- it just
allows you to set a URL.
And then any sort of
subsequent URLs that you use,
like for script
tags or imports--
they will all be
relative to that base.
So what we're saying here is
we want the base URL to be
polygit.org/components.
This components
directory is where
Polymer and all the
Polymer elements and all
that good stuff lives.
And from here on out, if
we have any relative URLs,
it'll just pull stuff
from that directory.
So I'm pulling in
Web Components JS,
it's coming from that directory.
I can import
polymer.html-- that'll
also come from that directory.
And so, since we've got all
this working off of our CDN,
now we can actually
sit here-- if we want,
we can just create our
own Polymer element right
on JS Bin.
So I'm going to do that.
Write out a dom module here.
I'll give it an id of x-foo.
And I'll give it a template that
just says, Hello from x-foo.
And I'll also give it a little
script tag inside of here.
We will call the
Polymer constructor.
And we're going to say
it is an x-foo element.
And then the last
thing we want to do
is we want to just make sure
that we use our x-foo tag
somewhere in the page.
And now you can see it showing
up over there in our output.
So this is really great
if you're, you know,
hanging out on the
Polymer Slack channel.
You run into a
bug or some issue,
and you're not quite sure
how to explain it to folks.
You can just go
throw it together
in JS Bin using
Polygit, and then
share that JS Bin with people so
they can help you get unstuck.
Now, I also mentioned
that all the Polymer
elements that we've built are
included in the CDN as well.
So what you can also do, if you
find maybe a bug or an issue
with something like paper-tabs,
is you can go over here.
And you can just write an
html import for paper-tabs.
So instead of just polymer,
I'll also pull in paper-tabs.
And then you can just start
using that element in your page
here.
So I'll say I want
a set of paper-tabs.
And then inside of
here, I will write out
maybe two or three paper-tabs.
So we'll say the first
tab is called FOO,
second one is going to be called
BAR, and last one will be BAZ.
FOO, BAR, BAZ.
And there you go.
Now over here in
our output, I've
got these three
paper-tabs working
just as I was expecting.
And if I had some issue,
I could then take this.
I could save this JS Bin.
I could go file a GitHub
issue and point the engineer
at this particular JS Bin.
And that way, it's going
to help them triage
that issue a lot
faster, and help
them debug the actual problem
that you're running into,
and hopefully get things fixed.
Now, one of the coolest
things about Polygit
is that it is configurable.
So not only does it pull
in Polymer and the elements
that that team has created,
but you can add your own GitHub
repos to it as well.
So if we go back to the
polygit.org website,
you scroll down
here to the bottom,
you can see that
there is this sort
of interesting
configuration syntax.
And it might look a little
weird when you first see it.
It took me a few times
kind of working through it
to understand what it's doing.
But basically,
what you want to do
is, when you are
defining that base URL,
you can configure
it by saying, oh, I
would also like to
include this component.
And this component might live
inside of some particular org.
And maybe you want a particular
version, like version 1.2.3.
Or maybe you want
a branch, right?
Maybe you want
the master branch.
That is some good
handwriting right there.
Or maybe you want
just the latest tags.
So if you include
an asterisk instead
of pulling a particular
version or branch,
it'll just give you whatever
the latest tag happens to be.
So to shoot an example
of that, I have again,
got a little JS Bin here.
And I'm just going to
paste in a better URL here.
So what I've done is I've
configured Polygit to pull
in two additional dependencies.
The first is the marked
mark-down JS library, which
is in the chjj org on GitHub.
And I've told it to
grab the latest tag.
Now, I've also told it to pull
in the mark-down element, which
is something that I wrote myself
that lives in the Rob Dodson
org on GitHub.
And again, I've just told it to
pull in the latest tag there.
So now both of those are
available in that CDN
components directory.
So I can just go ahead and
write an HTML import to pull
in the mark-down element.
And then over in my body,
I can just start using it.
So I can have a markdown tag.
And we'll just drop in like
a Hello World for the header
there.
And we can see we're
getting this sort
of like huge H1 rendering
over there in the output.
So if you're working on
an element or a project
or something like
that, and you want
to show that to folks on
JS Bin, you can absolutely
do that using Polygit as well.
The one caveat
there is that it has
to have been published for
at least one hour for it
to be picked up by the
RawGit caching CDN.
But once it's been
published for about an hour,
it should be available
to you on Polygit.
Now, the last thing I
want to mention here
is, at the very
beginning of the show,
we said that this is a sort
of development time CDN.
And what I mean by
that is it's not a CDN
that you want to
use for production.
And the reason is
because we're not
doing any sort of like
Vulcanization or anything
like that to optimize
the elements that we're
sending down.
Instead, you're getting
an individual dependency
for everything that
you import, which
is actually pretty expensive
in terms of HTTP requests.
So it's great for
development time.
It's great for hacking
a lot of ideas.
But when you get
to the point where
you want to launch
something into production,
you still want to use a
package manager like Bower.
You still want to use a
process like Vulcanized
to make sure you're sitting down
the absolute smallest payload
possible.
But, you know, if you just want
to mess around with some ideas,
it's perfect for that.
So that about
covers it for today.
If you have any questions,
please leave them for me
down in the comments.
Or you can always hit me up on a
social network of your choosing
at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]